DOCS-2319 Synthetic Monitoring API Test, Browser Test, and Multistep API Test Edits (#11433)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/icmp_tests.md

ICMP tests can run from [managed][1] and [private locations][2] depending on whether you want to trigger ICMP pings to your endpoints from outside or inside your network. You can run ICMP tests on a defined schedule, on demand, or from within your [CI/CD pipelines][3].

## Permissions

> By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][4] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic ICMP tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic ICMP tests, upgrade your user to one of those [default roles][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][4] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic ICMP tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic ICMP tests, upgrade your user to one of those two [default roles][4].
```

> By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][4] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic ICMP tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic ICMP tests, upgrade your user to one of these two [default roles][4].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][4] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic ICMP tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic ICMP tests, upgrade your user to one of those [default roles][4].
```

> If you have access to the [custom role feature][5], add your user to a custom role that includes `synthetics_read` and `synthetics_write` permissions for Synthetic Monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have access to the [custom role feature][5], add your user to any custom role that includes `synthetics_read` and `synthetics_write` permissions for Synthetic Monitoring.
```

#### Fast retry

> Your test can trigger retries in the case of failed test results. By default, the retries are performed 300 milliseconds after the first failed test result. You can configure this interval with the [API][12].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your test can trigger retries in case of a failed test result. By default, the retries are performed 300 ms after the first failed test result. The retry interval can be configured with the [API][12].
```

> Your test can trigger retries in the case of failed test results. By default, the retries are performed 300 milliseconds after the first failed test result. You can configure this interval through the [API][12].

Author: ```suggestion
Your test can trigger retries in the case of failed test results. By default, the retries are performed 300 milliseconds after the first failed test result. You can configure this interval with the [API][12].
```

`DNS`
: DNS entry not found for the test URL. Possible causes include misconfigured test URL or the wrong configuration of your DNS entries.

## Permissions

By default, only users with the [Datadog Admin and Datadog Standard roles][11] can create, edit, and delete Synthetic ICMP tests. To get create, edit, and delete access to Synthetic ICMP tests, upgrade your user to one of those two [default roles][11].

If you have access to the [custom role feature][12], add your user to any custom role that includes `synthetics_read` and `synthetics_write` permissions for Synthetic Monitoring.

## Further Reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

[1]: /api/v1/synthetics/#get-all-locations-public-and-private
[2]: /synthetics/private_locations
[3]: /synthetics/cicd_testing
[4]: /synthetics/api_tests/icmp_tests
[5]: /synthetics/search/#search

> [6]: /api/v1/synthetics/#create-a-test

Author: ```suggestion
[6]: /api/latest/synthetics/#edit-an-api-test
```
